Create a trace function that will capture the inputs and outputs of any DF and call an arbitraty function. (#57)
SeasonedSoftware/domain-functions: README.md

*/
```

### Tracing

> Whenever you need to intercept inputs and the result of a domain function without changing them, there is a function to help you that called `trace`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you need to intercept inputs and the result of a domain function without changing them, there is a function called `trace` that can help you..
```

> The most common use case is to log things to the console. Let's say you want to log failed domain functions, you could create a function such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most common use case is to log failures to the console or to an external service. Let's say you want to log failed domain functions, you could create a function such as:
```
